This project is developed an online Food ordering application for the ordering the food. The system is an online application that can be accessed throughout the organization and outside as well with proper login provided. This system can be used as an online food ordering system for the food shop manages the customer order and about food information to serve their food. Customer logging should be able to upload their information like contact no & e-mail etc. food stall/court owners logging in may also access/reach on taking orders of food.
The application for the storage of the data has been planned. Using the constructs of MYSQL and all the user interfaces have been designed using the HTML & CSS. The project has been planned to be having the view of distributed architecture, with centralized storage of the database.
The database connectivity is planned using the “SQL Connection” methodology. The standards of security and data protective mechanism have been given a big choice for proper usage.
The application takes care of different modules and their associated reports, which produced as per the applicable strategies and standards that are put forwarded by the food shop.
The entire project has been developed keeping in view of the distributed client server computing technology, in mind. The specification has been normalized up to 3NF to eliminate all the anomalies that may arise due to the database transaction that are executed by the general users and the food shop. The user interfaces are browser specific to give distributed accessibility for the overall
2
system. The internal database has been selected as MS-SQL server .The basic constructs of table spaces, clusters and indexes have been exploited to provide higher consistency and reliability for the data storage. The MS-SQL server was a choice as it provides the constructs of high-level reliability and security. The total front end was dominated using the HTML & CSS. The total back end was dominated using the PHP. At all proper levels high care was taken to check that the system manages the data consistency with proper business rules or validations.
